All right, so part of what I wanted you to see in that last section was some of the nerdy fun stuff,
but I also wanted you to use some of your own critical thinking skills to see if you could figure out
how to do something without really knowing much about the commands themselves based on what you already
know.
So this is actually what scripting often is or programming and even using Linux is all about.
You might know that there is something out there that might do what you want.
So doing a little exploring on your own will go a long way.
So it's a good idea to see how commands are structured so you can figure them out even if you've never
used them before.
And that's what we'll be talking about next.